monolith architecture               --Micro service architecture
       
Earlier when apps were developed they used monolith arch
 -- Huge code .
In project 
    -API
    -UI
    -DB
    -AUThnication

--Micro service architecture
        -BACKEND SERVICE        -- UI SERVICE  -- AUTH--
       all theese Micro services combined together to form big app 
        Each and every thing we have a seperate project -- seperation of concerns

        how all these services deployed?

        The react project we made is in UI service which is written in react .
        u can write any language in any micro service arch . 
        IN UI we used react like that BACKEND will have java .

        All these services run on their own ports 
                supposes 1234 - UI
                         1000 - B.E
        at the end all these services mapped to domain name 

        How these services interact ?
        They make call to other services and connect to port 

----------------------------
DYNAMICALLY FETCHING THE DATA  using api 

2 approches how web apps and ui applications fetch the data 
        1. when app loads - just make an api call(500ms)  -- (wait for ui to come) -- render 

        2. as soon as page loads - render(ui)- now api call  - render 

In react we always use 2nd approch -- better ux 
        -in intial approch till 500ms we dont see anything -- poor ux exp
        -but in 2nd we can see skeleton when we load the page.

        -- but here it is doing rendering 2 times
        react renders fast 
-------------
UseEffect HOOK {react library}      -- function 

2 arguments      -1.call bck fun
                 -2.dependency array 

when will be UseEffect function called?
        after our component renders 

when the body function render after it will quickly call this callback function.
        1.body will be rendered 
        2.UseEffect will be called .

UseEffect will be helpfull in 2nd approach .
render the body component now we will fetch data using api


 fetch() - browsers - in jsEngine has 
 ----but can i use swiggy api in our app directly 🤔?
        we will get an error 
        calling swiggy.com from local host - blocked due to cors policy which is   due to browser.

        Our chrome browser not allowing to call the swiggy from one origin to another origin  there is a mismatch .
        just use cors chrome extension



  fetch will return a promise .
  aync await use 

  once we get the data convert this daata to json.

  render our page in our app .

   json.data.cards[2].card.card.gridElements.infoWithStyle.restaurants is this a good way of writiing the code ?
   NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

   then ------ Optional Chaining 
    json?.data?.cards[2]?.card?.card?.gridElements?.infoWithStyle?.restaurants


As soon as we load the page -- we can show spinning loader

if(listOfRestraunt.length == 0 )
{
        return <h1>Loading</h1>;
}

shimmer ui -- load a fake page until it is data is loaded

create a shimmer component

why do we need state variables ? can we use local inplace of state?

js doesnt work in making dynamically update our buttom after clicking login it changes to logout 

To change something in our components we use state variblrs 

whenever this state variable changes - react will rerender its header components

Is it rendering whole header or only button?

whole header is rerendering 
How the const var updated?
-- at initial time the button is login as soon we setBtnName it renders the header component
 here it is not modifing the const its a new varible after we renders
 the new value is created not by default value but with updated value 
=== It will find the div of older version and newer version and update the only component that is onclick
only the button val changes


search bar ------------------
search text box bind to this input box 
whatever text present inside the searchtext will be there in input box ;
when i change  value of input box it still tied to it search text 

this input box will not change unless if we change the searchtext

So we use onChange handler to it  -  as soon as my input tag changes -- onchange function should also change my function

whenever we change the local state variable  the whole body component is rerendered

like when we enetring the search text for each character press the whole body component is rerendered

whenever state variables update , react triggers a reconciliation cycle  (rerenders the component)

React rendering whole component but updating input box val inside the dom .


once we filterd the restaurants using the search filter if we use again the search filter it will filter the components with the previously filterd data . 
means its updating the listOfRestraunt with filterd list . so we may not get the good result if we use the filter after using it.

SO we keep the copy of the filterd restaurants 
